Allow web-browsers to issue cross-domain requests (#105)
Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe: optimade.md

to the corresponding database ID that was originally queried, using the object's
`base_url` value.

### <a name="h.3.3.4">3.3.4. HTTP Response Headers</a>

> The server's response SHOULD include the cross-origin resource sharing header `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`. This allows browser-based JavaScript applications (running at a different domain) to access the responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the API implementation is served without use of access restrictions, the server's response SHOULD include the cross-origin resource sharing header `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`. This allows browser-based JavaScript applications (running at a different domain) to access the responses.
```

Reviewer 2: @ltalirz 
> This should be taken into consideration - but if your OPTiMaDe API server is open and without access restrictions I see no real security downside in allowing CORS. The whole point of an API like OPTiMaDe is that people can use it from elsewhere.

I see a potential problem in future when Optimade n.x (n > 1) will mandate PUT, and a user will get credentials for updating a database via Optimade, then go to a rough site and get a malicous script putting something into a database without the user's knowledge.

Reviewer: Can't we change the formulation at that point?

Reviewer 2: Of course you do not want CORS to be on if you can PUT. But it is easy to overlook that it was witched ON some N years if we follow the SHOULD recommendation. This is why I suggest using MAY instead of SHOULD (and our site will **not** switch it on, as currently planned)

Reviewer: Could we use?
```
Access-Control-Allow-Methods: POST, GET
``` 
But I see confusing documentation about this header-- it might only apply in "pre-flight", so I'm not sure if that means it may sometime not apply even if we include it in every response.

> The server's response SHOULD include the cross-origin resource sharing header `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`. This allows browser-based JavaScript applications (running at the different domains) to access the responses.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The server's response SHOULD include the cross-origin resource sharing header `Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`. This allows browser-based JavaScript applications (running at a different domain) to access the responses.
```
